Implement option to export proofreading as segmentation (#8286)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Added
- Added the total volume of a dataset to a tooltip in the dataset info tab. [#8229](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8229)
- Optimized performance of data loading with “fill value“ chunks. [#8271](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8271)

> - Added the option to export proofreading as segmentation [#8286](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8286)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to export a segmentation that was corrected with the proofreading tool to a new segmentation. [#8286](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8286)
```
